okay I'm knowing what I know so you know
about you know I want to fight really
want to fight and then saying we just
you know do it this way he surprised an
hour in right now looking for this guy
no not surprising power the internet
because you know that's that's that's a
new wave know that I mean that's the new
line of community that's the future line
of communications to internet you know I
didn't know anything was ever been as
big as it is has gotten you know but um
I love my fan my internet fans out there
what I'm saying my life is open book to
me you know saying even good or bad I'm
saying with or without the criticism I'm
saying you know internet him saying you
could be fine
food in it you saying don't call my cell
phone I won't answer on in there you'll
know what's up how much of that stuff is
real and how much of it is people making
it all about you know it depends on the
where the source is coming from you know
saying like I said someone said we've
been in prison a steady year second that
said they said my mom was crippled they
said my handicap brotherly share a big
bump over there with the bed sure does
he look handicapped me not at all so you
know a lot of certain knows no
fictitious what it's all good that's why
you got the you know you guys are here
now and reports to ask questions and I
give answers just to clarify be beans
and keep literally really a body part
yeah
yeah you can all return I mean I
actually bought up Tyson hot in the kind
of guys norway Mercer are strongly with
his name stumbled across the boxing when
he put on Tommy Morrison sleep that's
when we must say name kinda came up and
I was his his highlight of this is right
and then he put time the morrison st did
you consider going boxing we thought
about it Mike and I we thought about it
but Dan Tyson told me not to do it even
his belt like you know way when it was
sent away bargains he even does the
Betty he was actually dealt a good hand
you know I'm Sam but Danny switch
dealers and you know I'm saying and then
kind of you know yeah exactly talking
straight letter pretty much what
happened so he just getting some good
everybody's gonna go further we decided
to never go pro I never change do it so
we started to do this to me last day oh
whoa wasn't Christopher are the back row
she said Apple um it was just it just
happened like world I'm up on the street
is pretty much Charlie take those that's
for my special namely get happy ma
I knew of any of me on seeing me recount
spoke not twice a day I never knew we're
going to bump heads but then like I said
well the word words on the street is
problem is that the top award no no it
actually was a min but once the exit
took place in the backyard oh ok first
fight it was in the backyard who's I
wants any names keep nickerson mom is
here
how much is good friends
no one's a meeting in how does it work
both guys bring your money no no no is
it just me it's hard to talk about I
don't want to too much put too much word
on what goes on on the street because
that's how light it is eating I'm saying
just leave it like that continue to do
their thing all due respect to my niggas
in the street well he's black white or
Hispanic insane yeah yeah three boys
three girls I was the oldest oldest is
14 my illness is turn one Monday well I
don't start one Monday Oh
even Miami yeah
oh my probably can answer that question
Bellamy no here let me know this will go
with I don't get stressed out about all
good guys yeah okay I appreciate
everyone game five maybe a year my name
is over the sea my niggas over there
ready to rock King which has been
waiting too long God loved us we're
doing is I've been waiting too long for
this shit ready to eat I'm saying and
they eat me break this cat on the brake
is on for real either like that we are
the idiots
more
so we're going to come up later on in
the day